com/woowacourse/thankoo/common/exception/dto/ErrorResponse.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.common.exception.dto.ErrorResponse
com/woowacourse/thankoo/authentication/presentation/AuthenticationController.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.authentication.presentation.AuthenticationController
com/woowacourse/thankoo/authentication/presentation/AuthenticationContext.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.authentication.presentation.AuthenticationContext
com/woowacourse/thankoo/member/domain/MemberRepository.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.member.domain.MemberRepository
com/woowacourse/thankoo/authentication/exception/InvalidAuthenticationException.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.authentication.exception.InvalidAuthenticationException
com/woowacourse/thankoo/common/exception/UnauthorizedException.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.common.exception.UnauthorizedException
com/woowacourse/thankoo/authentication/presentation/dto/TokenResponse.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.authentication.presentation.dto.TokenResponse
com/woowacourse/thankoo/coupon/domain/CouponHistoryRepository.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.coupon.domain.CouponHistoryRepository
com/woowacourse/thankoo/ThankooApplication.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.ThankooApplication
com/woowacourse/thankoo/common/exception/GlobalControllerAdvice.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.common.exception.GlobalControllerAdvice
com/woowacourse/thankoo/coupon/application/dto/CouponRequest.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.coupon.application.dto.CouponRequest
com/woowacourse/thankoo/authentication/config/AuthenticationConfig.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.authentication.config.AuthenticationConfig
com/woowacourse/thankoo/coupon/exception/InvalidCouponTypeException.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.coupon.exception.InvalidCouponTypeException
com/woowacourse/thankoo/common/exception/BadRequestException.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.common.exception.BadRequestException
com/woowacourse/thankoo/coupon/presentation/CouponHistoryController.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.coupon.presentation.CouponHistoryController
com/woowacourse/thankoo/coupon/presentation/dto/CouponContentResponse.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.coupon.presentation.dto.CouponContentResponse
com/woowacourse/thankoo/coupon/application/dto/ContentRequest.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.coupon.application.dto.ContentRequest
com/woowacourse/thankoo/coupon/presentation/dto/CouponHistoryResponse.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.coupon.presentation.dto.CouponHistoryResponse
com/woowacourse/thankoo/coupon/domain/MemberCouponHistory.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.coupon.domain.MemberCouponHistory
com/woowacourse/thankoo/member/application/MemberService.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.member.application.MemberService
com/woowacourse/thankoo/member/presentation/MemberController.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.member.presentation.MemberController
com/woowacourse/thankoo/common/exception/ErrorType.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.common.exception.ErrorType
com/woowacourse/thankoo/coupon/application/CouponHistoryService.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.coupon.application.CouponHistoryService
com/woowacourse/thankoo/authentication/infrastructure/AuthorizationExtractor.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.authentication.infrastructure.AuthorizationExtractor
com/woowacourse/thankoo/authentication/presentation/SignInInterceptor.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.authentication.presentation.SignInInterceptor
com/woowacourse/thankoo/common/config/WebConfig.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.common.config.WebConfig
com/woowacourse/thankoo/coupon/domain/CouponHistory.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.coupon.domain.CouponHistory
com/woowacourse/thankoo/authentication/presentation/AuthenticationPrincipal.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.authentication.presentation.AuthenticationPrincipal
com/woowacourse/thankoo/member/domain/Member.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.member.domain.Member
com/woowacourse/thankoo/authentication/application/AuthenticationService.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.authentication.application.AuthenticationService
com/woowacourse/thankoo/authentication/presentation/AuthenticationArgumentResolver.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.authentication.presentation.AuthenticationArgumentResolver
com/woowacourse/thankoo/coupon/domain/CouponHistoryQueryRepository.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.coupon.domain.CouponHistoryQueryRepository
com/woowacourse/thankoo/coupon/domain/CouponType.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.coupon.domain.CouponType
com/woowacourse/thankoo/member/exception/InvalidMemberException.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.member.exception.InvalidMemberException
com/woowacourse/thankoo/member/presentation/dto/MemberResponse.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.member.presentation.dto.MemberResponse
com/woowacourse/thankoo/authentication/infrastructure/JwtTokenProvider.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.authentication.infrastructure.JwtTokenProvider
com/woowacourse/thankoo/authentication/exception/InvalidTokenException.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.authentication.exception.InvalidTokenException
com/woowacourse/thankoo/common/domain/BaseEntity.java
 com.woowacourse.thankoo.common.domain.BaseEntity
